>> Erik Reinert: We're gonna
go into the growth phase now.
I do feel confident that you guys had a
good experience of what the startup phase
feels like.
So let's try and
improve it a little bit, right?
We do wanna make it so
that we can not have so much.
We do wanna get rid of those headaches.
We wanna get rid of the headaches
of maybe deploying and
some of the other stuff
that we have to deal with.
We don't wanna change everything,
but just some things, right?
Here's our phase scenario for phase two.
So we're shipping code, right?
We have no integration process though,
right?
So we don't really have any way of
running tests or doing tests, right?
We don't have a real delivery process.
We do, but it still means that we have
to manually build the image ourselves to
deploy things, right?
When we go back to that chart, right,
the computer on the right is connected
directly to the resources and
that's because you have to
manage those resources.
So we wanna replace that.
We don't wanna do that.
We wanna have some kind of
actual delivery process.
However, we don't wanna
replace anything massive.
We're not ready to get out of App Runner
yet, we like App Runner, it works,
maybe some dev on the team's like,
I hate App Runner, it's fine, it works.
We can keep moving, right?
So we don't wanna really change
anything on that side of things, but
maybe there's other things that we
can do to kind of make this move and
our growth a little bit faster.
The goals in this phase are we
want to improve data reliability.
As you recall, we manually copy and
pasted SQL statements.
We weren't really doing a great
job of managing our data.
And when you're managing a company
especially you want to manage that data.
Well, right, does anyone guess or
can anyone guess what I may be
alluding to that we might be missing?
They've been around forever.
It has relation to databases.
What's the one thing we have to
run whenever we make changes to?
>> Male Student 1: Migrations.
>> Erik Reinert: Migrations, exactly,
yeah, so we have no migrations, right?
It's just copy and paste data and run.
Migrations is missing here, right?
We wanna improve data
reliability through that.
We wanna improve the developer experience.
Again, it was a little clunky to
get everything up and running and
running commands and stuff.
It was like, where's this?
Again, that was purposeful for
you guys to have to remember.
I hate remembering commands [LAUGH].
Right, there's a way of solving that and
I'm gonna show you how to do that.
We need to create an actual
integration solution.
So we want CI.
We want an actual CI that we can lean on.
We want also a delivery solution.
We want a way of actually leaning on
something that will deliver our changes as
well for us, right?
So again, four big takeaway or
the four big goals, data reliability,
developer experience,
integration, and delivery, right?
Requirements for
this are exactly as the other one.
This is why I said it's a lot easier
once we get through the first phase,
cuz all the other phases
build on top of it.
And it's supposed to feel that way, right?
It's supposed to feel like,
okay, we already did this,
I don't wanna have to go back and
do that again, right?
So, yeah,
pretty much all the same requirements.
You don't need to set anything else up.
You guys have all your AWS and
everything working so fantastic.
This is what we're gonna be building,
right?
Now you might look at it and say, okay,
well, it looks pretty similar, and
it is, as a matter of fact,
the front end side of it, right?
The client experience,
how App Runner works, what it talks to and
what it communicates with
is pretty much the same.
However, you'll notice that there's
space between the developers and
the resources and
this is purposeful, right?
Once you get to a point where
you get more than one developer,
you need to figure out a way of
separating them from the resources and
the infrastructure, because that's more
possibility of them breaking things or
more possibility of things happening,
right?
And so what we're doing and the focus
of this really to grow through or
to grow into the next part.
Again, we're not just
growing the application,
we're growing the team, right?
The team needs to be able to
deploy things automatically.
update schemas and stuff.
So with that, when we talk about growth,
we're talking about the entire growth of
the organization,
not just the application itself.
If the application itself grew,
just the application itself grew,
none of this would need to change.
Why would it?
It's just you, you know what I mean?
But when you start talking
about two people, four people,
ten people, 20 people,
having a delivery process and
something that automates all of those
things for you is still pretty critical.
Now, one thing you will note is that
configuration is still manual, but
that's always gonna be manual, right?
Somebody's gonna have to go in and update
a configuration somewhere and then deploy
that configuration, whether it be Vault,
Secrets Manager, whatever, right?
We're just using Secrets Manager as
a depot for all of our configs and
then our applications run from those,
right?
So that doesn't really change much.
But everything else for now is staying
exactly or sorry, besides that staying
the same, everything else is gonna kinda
change and how we interact with it.
So I'm gonna show you really quickly where
you can find the things because honestly,
we are not gonna do what we did last time.
This time I am gonna
have you guys copy stuff.
We are gonna move fast.
So there's a few things
I want you to note.
The first thing that is if you
go into the fem-fd-service repo,
you will now see
a stage-02-growth branch in here.
The first thing you'll notice is we have a
migrations directory now that we're gonna
be adding.
And inside of that you'll actually
see our first migration file.
And if we click on that,
hey, look at that.
It's the readme stuff, right?
We created our migration out of
our schema in our readme, right?
So we're gonna go through that.
I'm gonna show you guys how many
here knows what a make file is.
Okay, we've got one person who knows.
So if you don't know what a makefile is,
it's been around for a long time.
But this is how a lot of like older system
or a lot of older applications were built.
But this is a file that can help
you run commands effectively.
It makes it so that all the commands and
all the stuff that you run locally,
you can actually abstract that away and
make it so
that you just can run
much simpler commands.
And as I scroll through this, you can
kind of tell there's a lot in here.
So we're gonna be doing that.
We're also gonna be
updating the docker file.
You'll notice that this dockerfile
is a little bit more intricate than
the other one.
And that's purposeful.
We're making some changes there for
specific reasons.
And then the last and most important thing
is you'll notice here, next to my commit,
I have a little green check mark.
Well, that's because we're also going to
be setting up a continuous integration and
delivery pipeline with which will
build our code, test it, and
then optionally deploy it when ready.
For all of you that have open
PRs right now with your changes,
go ahead and merge them for me.
So go ahead and merge that into main for
me if you guys are good.
So go ahead and take all your changes
that you have in your branch,
whether your deployment's working or not.
Don't worry about it,
it's just the docker file.
But go ahead and
take all those changes and
then just merge them in your PR for me.
So you'll wanna go to your PR here.
Now, I'm not gonna merge mine, but
just go ahead and do that for me.
You can do squash and merge.
You can do whatever you want, but just
go ahead and merge those changes for me.